1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
    
    I choose Node.js/Express.js for this coding exercise because Express.js is lightweight and easy to set up, 
    making it a great choice for small application like this one. This tech stack allowed me to get this 
    particular job done without too much technical overhead.


2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

    Advantages:
        - This solution is fast and scalable while maintaining simplicity.
        - It does an excellent job handling unexpected errors like data type mismatches or missing params.
        - Not too much technical overhead for the developer due to the simplistic nature of the tech stack.
    Disadvantages:
        - All data is stored in memory meaning it is not durable; if the server gets killed, so does the data.
        - Node.js is single-threaded so it may struggle with power-intensive tasks.


3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

    This one is hard to answer since there has been a lot of projects I've loved so far. However, if I had to pick,
    I would say AI image sharing web app I built with React, Go, and MongoDB. From this I learned a lot about 
    backend development; particularly Go, user auth, databases, JSON web tokens, REST APIs, the cloud, and so much more. 
    I can really see myself doing that in the long term.

    The thing that challenged me about it was the fact that there were so many moving parts. I had to cover
    authentication, authorization, cloud hosting, API development, connecting to a third party API, and so much more.
    And thats not even covering the frontend aspects. Overall, I'm glad it challenged me because I genuinely think
    that I have become a way better engineer because of it.  

    Here is the link to the web app if you are curious: 'https://pixel-wizard-ai.netlify.app/'
    Here is the link to the GitHub repo: 'https://github.com/sunnypatel314/Go-Backend-Pixel-Wizard'